it's the day after and people are
picking up the pieces following the
longest raid by Israeli forces the
Janine refugee camp has seen in over two
decades BMA left as Columns of armored
vehicles were
approaching these are her first moments
back home she is startled to find
everything upside down she runs a
grocery shop and a small tailoring
business on the ground floor
they cut the cable of my sewing machine
what did I do for them to do this what's
my crime I'm a peaceful person I don't
interfere in anything I take care of
five girls and one boy I don't have
savings I can barely feed them and pay
their school fees it's a disaster but I
will get back on my
feet the soldiers based themselves on
the Upper Floor the graffiti left on the
walls a clear indication there's a
desire for vengeance the reason the
Israeli soldiers based themselves in
this house it's because it's at the
entrance of the Janine refugee camp and
from here they have a clear view of any
movement some of the worst fighting
happened at this Crossroad the Clos shop
reduced to ashes it's here where
gazelle's brother Musa fell shot dead he
was
17 she can't express her feelings so her
cousin 8-year-old nisma steps
in the soldiers were over there he was
heading towards the alley when they shot
him twice one in his back and the other
bullet was in his neck they couldn't
remove it in
time she also lost her teenage brother
during a previous
raid I'm very sad we used to play
together take pictures I feel he is gone
they kill everyone even children they
don't
[Music]
care there have been at least a dozen
military incursions here since October
the 7th the soldiers leaving behind
taunting message as they made their way
through the Alleyways while bulldozers
tore apart the already poor
infrastructure the smell of sewage
overwhelming so that the soldiers
couldn't linger too long in nad's
alley they cut the electricity during
the raids so the sewage overflows it
becomes full of bugs and flies We Are
Dead Alive we can endure hunger the
soldiers everything but no one helps not
the NOS not the Palestinian Authority no
one
why most of those living here are
originally from today's northern Israel
they for for fathers kicked out after
the creation of the state of Israel now
many feel that all this is aimed at
displacing them yet again HUD abdulhamid
Al jaaz
Janine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer